add note on verifier x509 certificate profiles (#262)
openid/OpenID4VC-HAIP: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

Additional requirements for OpenID4VP are defined in (#oid4vp-redirects), (#oid4vp-dc-api) and (#oid4vp-credential-formats).

> Note that while this document does not define profiles for X.509 certificates used in Verifier authentication (e.g., with the `x509_hash` Client Identifier Prefix), ecosystems are encouraged to define their own policies and validation rules. Such policies and validation rules MAY specify how information in the certificate corresponds to information in the presentation flows. For example, an ecosystem might require that the Wallet verifies that the `redirect_uri`, `response_uri`, `origin`, or `expected_origin` request parameters match with information contained in the Verifier's certificate (e.g., its DNS name).

Author: ```suggestion
Note that while this document does not define profiles for X.509 certificates used in Verifier authentication (e.g., with the `x509_hash` Client Identifier Prefix), ecosystems are encouraged to define their own certificate issuing policies and certificate profiles. Such policies and profiles MAY specify how information in the certificate corresponds to information in the presentation flows. For example, an ecosystem might require that the Wallet verifies that the `redirect_uri`, `response_uri`, `origin`, or `expected_origin` request parameters match with information contained in the Verifier's end-entity certificate (e.g., its DNS name).
```
